hey guys I'm ginger here with getaway
reno/tahoe and I'm here with my friend
Diana we have just arrived at the Genoa
bar which if you did not know is
Nevada's oldest saloon and can I just
say this is not our first time at the
rodeo so let's do this yeah belly up to
the bar my friend did I stepped right up
to the bar and ordered the bars famous
14 ingredient Bloody Mary after a couple
of those we were definitely ready to
challenge some locals to a game of pool
and we almost won we got so lucky
because the bars owner Willy was there
that day and he gave us the amazing
historical tour the walls are covered
with historical photos and paintings
there is even an original wanted poster
of Abe Lincoln's killer on the walls
patrons of this bar have included past
presidents Mark Twain John Wayne Clint
Eastwood and Toby Keith one of my very
favorite features of the bar is this
diamond dusted mirror that hangs over
the back of the bar the mirror was
shipped to San Francisco from Glasgow
Scotland and brought to this building by
covered wagon in the 1840s also the
original oil lamps still hang in the
building most of the lamps have been
converted to electric but they maintain
one lamp that is lit every New Year's
Eve one of my most favorite stories that
Willie shared was the weekend that
Raquel Welch was filming a movie in
Tahoe in order to escape her fans in
Tahoe she would sneak away to the Genoa
bar when the owner realized who she was
he just politely asked her if she would
donate her bra to the collection that
was around the bar the cool thing is she
agreed to leave hers but all the others
had to be taken down
he honored her request and he stored all
the other bras in the now-famous bra
safe and yes for opening the safe I too
had to donate mine to the collection and
if you stay long enough flirt a little
bit with the owner and have good lady
mojo you
I just see a little magic okay
so just when we thought it couldn't get
any better we're here on a day with buzz
is doing his impromptu porch party hey
buzz
whoo so can I just say if you are
anywhere near Genoa Carson Reno Tahoe
you have got to get yourself to the
Genoa var for I think the best Bloody
Mary I've ever had absolutely and just a
heck of a good time you can't miss it